Readme.md, before:

Name: Dave Johnston
Google VR SDK: Version 1.110.0

# Lost in Space
This is my capstone project for the Udacity VR Nanodegree program, called Lost in Space.  This is a short game, in which you are stranded on a ship in space, and have only minutes to shutdown the failing primary reactor to save yourself and the ship, or you will be lost in space forever.  In order to navigate throughout the ship, you must find several hidden key cards, that will grant you access through locked doors to different areas of the ship that you can explore.  This was a fun project to work on, and I really enjoyed using the skills that I learned throughout the VR Nanodegree program to make a fully interactive game for people to play.

![alt text](Screenshots/Screenshot_1.png "In-game screenshot")

![alt text](Screenshots/Screenshot_2.png "Another in-game screenshot")

## Installation
* If you own an Android phone, you can install the app by simply copying the `Lost In Space.apk` file from the **Build** directory onto your android device, and installing the apk by clicking on it from the file manager.
* If you own an iPhone, you will need to follow the instructions below for **contributing** to this app, and then switch to the iOS platform in build settings before rebuilding and running on your phone.

## Development


## Lessons Learned


## Contributing
You will need to download and install the [Unity Game Engine](https://unity3d.com/), as well as the [Google VR SDK Plugin for Unity](https://developers.google.com/vr/unity/download) to be able to edit this app.  Next, you will need to clone this GitHub repo, and then open `Lost in Space` in the Unity editor to begin making modifications to the project.

Commit message:

docs: Updated the readme with additional info on the development process and links to the user tests and pre-production docs.

Readme.md, after:

Name: Dave Johnston
Google VR SDK: Version 1.110.0

# Lost in Space
This is my capstone project for the Udacity VR Nanodegree program, called Lost in Space.  This is a short game, in which you are stranded on a ship in space, and have only minutes to shutdown the failing primary reactor to save yourself and the ship, or you will be lost in space forever.  In order to navigate throughout the ship, you must find several hidden key cards, that will grant you access through locked doors to different areas of the ship that you can explore.  This was a fun project to work on, and I really enjoyed using the skills that I learned throughout the VR Nanodegree program to make a fully interactive game for people to play. Below are a couple of screenshots of the game in VR mode.

![alt text](Screenshots/Screenshot_1.png "In-game screenshot")

![alt text](Screenshots/Screenshot_2.png "Another in-game screenshot")

## Installation
* If you own an Android phone, you can install the app by simply copying the `Lost In Space.apk` file from the **Build** directory onto your android device, and installing the apk by clicking on it from the file manager.
* If you own an iPhone, you will need to follow the instructions below for **contributing** to this app, and then switch to the iOS platform in build settings before rebuilding and running on your phone.

## Development
Before I even began developing my VR app for the Capstone project, I created a spreadsheet for pre-production planning, to help me understand what I needed to do, and to help organize my thoughts about how I intended to accomplish all of the achievments necessary to get a passing grade on the project.  You can view my spreadsheet [here](Documents/Project Prep.xlsx).  On one tab in the spreadsheet, I also included some early drawings I created with my first vision of how the ship would look as well as some notes for game play mechanics.

As I began building my VR app, and implementing all of the necessary game mechanics to make everything work properly, I had to make sure and test various elements of the game several different times with friends and family members.  For each user test, I took good notes, and had to adjust different aspects of the game to make things more intuitive and help the overall gameplay.  You can view the results of each user test, as well as the updates I made based on the feedback I recieved, from the links below.

* [User Test 1](Documents/User Test 1.docx)
* [User Test 2](Documents/User Test 2.docx)

Finally, as I built out the remainder of the ship, I began to notice some issues with the framerate when playing from a mobile device. <explanation of occlusion culling and post processing>

## Lessons Learned


## Contributing
You will need to download and install the [Unity Game Engine](https://unity3d.com/), as well as the [Google VR SDK Plugin for Unity](https://developers.google.com/vr/unity/download) to be able to edit this app.  Next, you will need to clone this GitHub repo, and then open `Lost in Space` in the Unity editor to begin making modifications to the project.
